minetest: add more info regarding server setting (#5466)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/minetest.md

`minetest`

> - Start minetest in server mode by hosting the specified world:

Reviewer: Maybe this is better:
```suggestion
- Start minetest in server mode by hosting a specific world:
```

> `minetest --server --world {{name}}`

Reviewer 2: This is a path to a world, not the name of the world. Specifically from the man page:

```
       --world <value>
              Set world path
```

Reviewer 3: needs a new PR? cc @Yutyo

> `minetest --server --world {{name}}`

Reviewer: this works only with `--server` right? why not add an extra example for a specific world?

Author: Yes and `--server` doesn't work at all without specifying a world.
